I thought for this week I would show
something that simple enough for just
about anyone to do I was definitely
inspired by Pinterest this week I saw
something similar to this wall clock and
decided to recreate it for under $20 I
tweaked the project some here and there
to make it a little easier to DIY so
let's get started you'll need a foam
board and got one for a dollar at the
dollar store a hot glue gun that I
already had a ruler scissors exacto
knife and pencil plastic spoons I also
got these from the dollar store so I
ended up using about 4 packs of spoons a
wall clock that I found at Target for
$4.99 and some spray paint I bought 2
cans because I couldn't find this color
and a bigger can each were priced at 399
first start out by cutting the spoons at
the neck after doing this for awhile
you'll find a sweet spot and they'll get
easier to cut
[Music]
if your clock has a back that you can
remove go ahead and do that for now if
not you'll have to cover and tape off
the face of the clock I did this a
little prematurely and spray painted
both the casing of the clock and the
entire board I would suggest to do the
next step first and then spray-paint
them for this next step take the casing
and lay it face down on the foam board
and trace a circle of the inside of the
casing then take the exacto knife and
lightly cut the circle that you just
traced then with the exacto knife again
make a cut all the way through the board
when you're making this second cut just
make sure that there's nothing
underneath that you're cutting through
[Music]
once you're done it should easily
separate from the board next lay out the
spoons to get an idea of how far you
want to come out from the circle that
you cut I ended up with three and a half
inches and measured that all the way
around the circle
[Music]
now you can take your exacto knife again
and cut it the same way before using
your marks as a guideline for the circle
[Music]
after cutting the board out you can
spray paint it again I did this
backwards and put the clock back
together what I really didn't have to at
this point
[Music]
for the next step with your hot glue gun
make a line of hot glue around the inner
edge of the circle lay your clock face
up and line the foam board with the face
of the clock and secure it into place
[Music]
next line up your plastic spoons to make
sure they all fit into the right place
[Music]
then start gluing them down just put a
dab of glue onto the back of the spoon
and then press it down into place then
with your next layer place them in
between two spoons of the first layer
and then glue them down continue
alternating layers until you fill your
space you don't have to use white spoons
I just use white because that's all I
could find with just an awl spoon
package at the dollar store
if you find something in a color that
you like this would eliminate the spray
paint with the three and a half inch
space that I had I ended up with five
rows of spoons after the last layer is
glued on let it dry for a bit to make
sure they stay in place
[Music]
I ended up taking the face of the clock
out again so that it would be much
easier to spray-paint the spoons now
that all the spoons are in place it's
time to spray-paint just make sure that
you're in a well-ventilated area when
you're spray-painting make sure that you
do this in thin layers if you need to
and make sure that you get in between
the layer of spoons and the back of the
spoon once this balloons were dry I put
the clock back into place you can also
skip the gluing down of the clock until
you have the spoons on and spray-paint
it if you don't have a clock that can be
taken apart and you're done thanks so
much for watching my newest video if you
liked it let me know check back soon for
another video and don't forget to
subscribe and follow me on Facebook and
Instagram see you again soon bye